* 🏢 In-person, NAVER Green Factory at Jeongja, Bundang, Seongnam, Gyunggi, South Korea  
* 📅 Starting around January-June 2026, for 12 weeks \+ extendable up to additional 12 weeks  
*  🎫✈️ VISA constraints: Positions available for Korean citizens or those who already hold a valid visa for South Korea (e.g., international students enrolled in Korean universities).

This is a 3-to-6-month-long internship position where you will develop and execute research agenda that broadly touches **personal/health informatics systems (c.f., [\[Slide\]](https://depstein.net/assets/docs/imwut20_slides.pdf), [\[Paper\]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/1753326.1753409)) equipped with AI technologies**.

### Quick notes

The criteria and policy of internship recruitment were established based on the following criteria:

1. Each intern will carry on their own project as a lead author.  
2. The cohort does not collaborate on one another’s projects as coauthors. (i.e., multiple interns are not involved in the same project).  
3. Our internship program is designed specifically for CHI submissions and ends with the CHI submission, making it an intense and fast-paced summer experience.

## Research Agenda

All research topics are valuable and meaningful. However, I would define internship project topics within the boundaries of my expertise and special interests, that is, **areas in which I can effectively and confidently mentor you**. An ideal outcome of the research internship is **to submit an academic paper to top-tier venues, such as CHI, UIST, UbiComp, and CSCW.**

Please consider the following dimensions that broadly define my research space, and describe the directions that match your research vision, in your application.

### Overarching Theme: Personal Informatics

I’m particularly interested in designing systems that engage with people’s personal data—such as their behaviors, thoughts, emotions, conversations, language use, and other life contexts—to better understand or support their everyday lives. While I do not explicitly frame all of my projects in Personal Informatics, they generally account for personal matters and .  

### Domains

1. Addressing challenges faced by **marginalized populations** through AI, including neurodiverse individuals (Autism, ADHD, Developmental disabilities), people with mental health issues, people with disabilities.  
2. Supporting **parents and children** with AI in diverse family contexts, such as parenting and family communication.  
3. Enhancing **learners’ experience** in AI-infused educational settings, both formal (school) and informal (non-school, self-directed, or home) environments. 

### Technologies

1. Multimodal understanding/generation (text/speech/image/video) using LLMs  
2. Agentic interaction, where the agent act on behalf of users to accomplish tasks  
3. Agent-agent interactions, where multiple AI agents interact with one another for specific purposes

### Research Methods

Starting from this year, due to an increasing burden on the project workloads and mentoring overhead, I incorporate a multi-track policy to control the size and workloads of the internship projects.

Up to three internship projects will consist of: 

1. **Field deployment track (2 projects max)**  
2. **Single-session user study track (1-2 projects)**

I will set up projects to make their composition 1-2-0 or 2-1-0. I would put the least priority to pure qualitative research studies that do not involve technical implementation, either unless the topic is very promising or the other types of projects are not filled, although I still value these kinds of work.

* The **Field deployment** track includes agendas answering research questions addressed by longitudinal deployment of a research prototype or design probe. Typically we conduct field deployment studies for 2-3 weeks, considering the timeline of the internship (max 6 months). Deployment study is preferred to a single-session study when we want to assess a long-term impact of our system. Note that implementing a prototype for a field deployment demands significantly more time and effort to accommodate in-the-wild use.   
  * Example internship papers: [Autiverse](https://arxiv.org/abs/2509.17466), [AutiHero](https://arxiv.org/abs/2509.17608), [LingoQ](https://arxiv.org/abs/2509.17477), [AACessTalk](https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2409.09641), [MindfulDiary](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.05231)  
* The **Single-session user study** track includes agendas answering research questions addressed by user studies that involve participants in a single session. We usually conduct lab studies when we want to obtain deeper insights on how users behave with the interface of our system—i.e., when our main contribution is an interaction rather than a long-term impact. Typical in-person/remote lab studies or online data collection studies (e.g., Prolific) fall in this category.  
  * Example internship papers: [ExploreSelf](https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2409.09662), [ELMI](https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2409.09760), [ChaCha](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.12244), [PlanFitting](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.12555), [GPT3-self-report-chatbots](https://arxiv.org/abs/2301.05843)

When you apply, reflect on what research methods would be necessary to answer your proposed research questions.

## Requirements and Collaboration Goals

### You are highly encouraged to meet these formal requirements:

1. Be pursuing a PhD or have received a Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Science, or other fields relevant to HCI. But if you are not in a PhD program, a track record of research would be necessary.  
2. Have one or more accepted **full (main)** papers as a solo-first author (co-first authored papers are not counted)\</u\> in **CHI, UIST, CSCW, or UbiComp**.

### We'll achieve the most synergy if you…

1. are receptive to guidance and open to constructive feedback.  
2. are eager to learn and leverage new research methods, technologies, programming languages, libraries, etc., that will help us answer our research questions.

### I will try my best to help you...

1. Equip yourself with new research methods and skills.  
2. Expand your research boundaries by integrating AI perspectives.  
3. Experience hands-on collaboration in every aspect of research, including technical implementation, evaluation, analysis, and writing.

## How to Apply

### Application Process

1. Apply through our formal application page ([Korean](https://recruit.navercloudcorp.com/rcrt/view.do?annoId=30001890&lang=ko), [English](https://recruit.navercloudcorp.com/rcrt/view.do?annoId=30001891&lang=en)).

   * In the application form, under **\[Tell about yourself\]**, you must provide your prospective research directions and why you are qualified to accomplish the plan within the time frame of the internship.

   * When proposing research directions, try to connect them to the dimensions outlined above (domains, technologies, research methods). Be conservative when you gauge the feasibility of your idea in the time frame of the internship considering the research method to be used.

   * Failing to clearly state your research agenda in the application form may result in rejection during the screening phase.

2. After applying, **ping me via an email**, titled "**\[Internship application\] {Your name} ({Affiliation})**" with your CV (You can find my e-mail address in my CV.) Not sending the email may delay the process or result in omission of your application.

### Hiring Process

1. Screening of application (Until the end of Jan 2026 but may be closed earlier)  
2. Coding test  
3. Proposal presentation and three 1:1 interviews
